cloud: Update monitor-datadog-integration.md (#10256)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/monitor-datadog-integration.md

| Metric name  | Metric type | Labels | Description                                   |
| :------------| :---------- | :------| :----------------------------------------------------- |

> | tidb_cloud.db_database_time| gauge | sql_type: `Select\|Insert\|...`<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: `tidb-0\|tidb-1…`<br/>component: `tidb` | A time model statistic that is the sum of all process' CPU consumption plus the sum of non-idle wait time. |

Reviewer: It is a little confusing to me. Is "the sum of all process' CPU consumption" correct?

Author: The running time of all SQLs in TiDB over a period of time. This time is equal to the sum of all process' CPU consumption plus the sum of non-idle wait time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_database_time| gauge | sql_type: `Select\|Insert\|...`<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: `tidb-0\|tidb-1…`<br/>component: `tidb` | The total time consumed by all SQL statements running in TiDB per second, including the CPU time of all processes and the non-idle waiting time.   |
```

Reviewer: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CPU_time

> | tidb_cloud.db_database_time| gauge | sql_type: `Select\|Insert\|...`<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: `tidb-0\|tidb-1…`<br/>component: `tidb` | The total time consumed by all SQL statements running in TiDB per second, including the CPU time of all processes and the non-idle waiting time. |

Reviewer 2: for wording consistency
```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_database_time| gauge | sql_type: `Select\|Insert\|...`<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: `tidb-0\|tidb-1…`<br/>component: `tidb` | The total time consumed by all SQL statements executed in TiDB per second, including the CPU time of all processes and the non-idle waiting time. |
```

> | tidb_cloud.db_query_per_second| gauge | sql_type: Select\|Insert\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of SQL statements executed per second on all TiDB instances, which is counted according to SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, and other types of statements. |

Reviewer 3: `tidb_cloud.db_query_per_second` 没有 `sql_type` 标签，应该是 `type` 标签

> | tidb_cloud.db_query_per_second| gauge | sql_type: Select\|Insert\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of SQL statements executed per second on all TiDB instances, which is counted according to SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, and other types of statements. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_query_per_second| gauge | type: Select\|Insert\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of SQL statements executed per second on all TiDB instances, which is counted according to SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, and other types of statements. |
```

| tidb_cloud.db_average_query_duration| gauge | sql_type: Select\|Insert\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The duration between the time that the client's network request is sent to TiDB and the time that the request is returned to the client after TiDB has executed it. |

> | tidb_cloud.db_failed_queries| gauge | type: executor:xxxx\|parser:xxxx\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of error types (such as syntax errors and primary key conflicts) according to the errors occurred when executing SQL statements per second on each TiDB instance. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_failed_queries| gauge | type: executor:xxxx\|parser:xxxx\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of error types (such as syntax errors and primary key conflicts) according to the SQL execution errors that occur per second on each TiDB instance. |
```

| tidb_cloud.db_total_connection| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of current connections in your TiDB server. |
| tidb_cloud.db_active_connections| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of active connection. |
| tidb_cloud.db_disconnections| gauge | result: ok\|error\|undetermined<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of disconnected clients. |
| tidb_cloud.db_command_per_second| gauge | type: Query\|StmtPrepare\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of commands processed by TiDB per second, which is classified according to the success or failure of command execution results. |

> | tidb_cloud.db_queries_using_plan_cache_ops| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of queries using [Plan Cache](/sql-prepared-plan-cache.md) per second. The execution plan cache only supports the prepared statement command. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_queries_using_plan_cache_ops| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of queries using [Plan Cache](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-prepared-plan-cache) per second. The execution plan cache only supports the prepared statement command. |
```

> | tidb_cloud.db_queries_using_plan_cache_ops| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: `tidb-0\|tidb-1…`<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of queries using [Plan Cache](/sql-prepared-plan-cache.md) per second. The execution plan cache only supports the prepared statement command. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_queries_using_plan_cache_ops| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: `tidb-0\|tidb-1…`<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of queries using [Plan Cache](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-prepared-plan-cache) per second. The execution plan cache only supports the prepared statement command. |
```

> | tidb_cloud.db_queries_using_plan_cache_ops| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of queries using [Plan Cache](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-prepared-plan-cache) per second. The execution plan cache only supports the prepared statement command. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.db_queries_using_plan_cache_ops| gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The statistics of queries using [Plan Cache](/sql-prepared-plan-cache.md) per second. The execution plan cache only supports the prepared statement command. |
```

| tidb_cloud.db_transaction_per_second| gauge | txn_mode: pessimistic\|optimistic<br/>type: abort\|commit\|...<br/>cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…<br/>component: `tidb` | The number of transactions executed per second. |

> | tidb_cloud.node_storage_used_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tikv-0\|tikv-1…\|tiflash-0\|tiflash-1…<br/>component: tikv\|tiflash | The disk usage bytes of TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.node_storage_used_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tikv-0\|tikv-1…\|tiflash-0\|tiflash-1…<br/>component: tikv\|tiflash | The disk usage of TiKV/TiFlash nodes, counted in bytes |
```

> | tidb_cloud.node_storage_capacity_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tikv-0\|tikv-1…\|tiflash-0\|tiflash-1…<br/>component: tikv\|tiflash | The disk capacity bytes of TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.node_storage_capacity_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tikv-0\|tikv-1…\|tiflash-0\|tiflash-1…<br/>component: tikv\|tiflash | The disk capacity of TiKV/TiFlash nodes, in bytes. |
```

| tidb_cloud.node_cpu_seconds_total | count | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The CPU usage of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |

> | tidb_cloud.node_cpu_capacity_cores | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The CPU limit cores of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |

Reviewer 2: "The CPU limit cores of" is a bit confusing. Does it mean:
```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.node_cpu_capacity_cores | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The limit on CPU cores of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |
```

> | tidb_cloud.node_memory_used_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The used memory bytes of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.node_memory_used_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The used memory of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes, in bytes. |
```

> | tidb_cloud.node_memory_capacity_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The memory capacity bytes of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| tidb_cloud.node_memory_capacity_bytes | gauge | cluster_name: `<cluster name>`<br/>instance: tidb-0\|tidb-1…\|tikv-0…\|tiflash-0…<br/>component: tidb\|tikv\|tiflash | The memory capacity of TiDB/TiKV/TiFlash nodes, in bytes. |
```
